Fix support for subqueries using the query builder (#2717)
jenssegers/laravel-mongodb: docs/query-builder.txt

   User::where('name', 'not regexp', '/.*doe/i')->get();

**ElemMatch**

The :manual:`$elemMatch </reference/operator/query/elemMatch//>` operator
matches documents that contain an array field with at least one element that
matches all the specified query criteria.

The following query matches only those documents where the results array
contains at least one element that is both greater than or equal to 80 and
is less than 85:

.. code-block:: php

   User::where('results', 'elemMatch', ['gte' => 80, 'lt' => 85])->get();

> A sub-query builder can be to apply filter on documents.

Reviewer: This reads a little rough. Consider:
```suggestion
A closure can be used to create more complex sub-queries.
```

Ping @jmikola in case he has a better suggestion.

Author: @jmikola any opinion on this wording?

Reviewer 2: No objections. Sorry for the delayed response, as I wasn't monitoring mentions in this repo.
